
Please consider filling in this questionaire about cfengine. It
will help me to evaluate its performance and in the development
of new work in the future. Thanks.

--------------------------------------------------------------------

1. Are you using cfengine? If not, are you interested in using it?
What are your reasons? If so, what version of cfengine are you using?

2. Approximately how many hosts does your cfengine configuration
cover? What OSes?
         
3. Have you used any other system administration tools (e.g. Tivoli,
Openview, Solstice?) If so, in what way were these tools good or bad
compared to cfengine?

  *  ease of configuration 
  *  power of expression 
  *  limitations 
  *  efficiency 
  *  security
         
4. How would rate on a scale of 1 to 10 (where 10 is good) the
following features of cfengine

  *  Central configuration file 
  *  Classes 
  *  Pull rather than push in copying 
  *  Convergence towards an ideal state
  *  Mount model 
  *  Its basic functionality 
  *  Its reliabilty 
  *  The idea of feedback through classes 
  *  Anything else (please specify)

5. Do you feel that cfengine is missing any important/pressing
features? If so please mention these.
         
6. Do you use cfengine mainly to warn about problems or to fix them
automatically?
         
7. Do you think that it is desirable to minimize the amount of
cfengine output (faults, etc) which is sent to the administrator? Or
would you prefer to see more?

8. Briefly, what kind of network model do you have? - Firewall. Would
you use cfengine on the firewall? - Central file server with NFS
clients (other file systems) - Many distributed fileservers.

9. Do you use cfengine for garbage collection? i.e. file and process
tidying. If so, what kind of policy do you use to decide which types
of file should be deleted?

10. Do you run NT? If so would you like to have the same kind of
administrative model there, or is the domain server administration
model adequate? How do you deal with garbage collection in NT?

11. Do you feel that cfengine saves you time in performing routine tasks?
 
12. Does cfengine simplify communication of system policy between
cooperating administrators, by having a single configuration file(set)
which is self-documenting?


